namaste friends I'm Sonia Goyal I
welcome you at ekunji channel on youtube
the string art is a very beautiful art
it empowers you to create a beautiful
word of your own with the help of
colorful threads
let's make heart-touching shape of heart
with the help of string art we need one
pin board some companies and tinned Red
Bull draw or print a shape of heart on a
paper place it at the center of pin
board and fixed campaigns on equal
distance at the border of the heart
remove the paper heart from pinboard you
will get a shape of heart made by thumb
pins on the pinboard now I will knit a
beautiful heart with the help of thin
red wool tie a knot at one pin and start
your knitting as I'm showing here
when you will reach at the first pin
then your first knitting layer will get
complete now we will make one more layer
with different pattern press all the
threads slightly downward to create
knitting a space for second layer
you
see the second layer is completed so I a
knot at the first pin finally make the
border of the heart like this to give it
a finishing touch
subscribe me at ekunji channel on
youtube to keep watching my beautiful
string art every Friday
you